let me just say something before I start
telling you how to do this I've been
trying to figure this out since I got
this pocket pod which was a couple
Christmases ago and I just figured it
out how to do it yesterday and it's Mike
my guitar teacher showed me so he gets
credit so um I'm going to tell you how
to record with your pocket pod using
GarageBand so I'm going to obviously
need a pocket pod I'm pretty sure any
version would work you're going to i
Mike they're about 30 bucks they look
like they have looks just like this has
a line Mike and in and out it's an
eighth inch opening and it plugs into
the side of your computer or a laptop or
whatever you're using with the USB which
makes it so much simpler now you would
think that the pocket pod has USB
opening um it would record directly from
the pocket Todd will know you need one
of these like I said there's about $30
and they work pretty good and you also
need one of these it's about a foot long
I'll show you back here they
it's two jacks connected together by one
wire one more thing you need budget a
cable for your guitar that you usually
hook up to works I highly recommend that
you put the AC adapter into it it's
9-volt goes into the back because it
doesn't really have a good battery life
we uses four triple-a batteries but they
uses them up pretty fast so I recommend
plugging this into the wall and getting
it to power from there all right now
going to take this this is what you plug
into the iPod I mean the UM pocket pod
from the wall to get its power so you're
just gonna plug that into the this plug
right here right right back here okay
now you're going to take the jack double
and Jack eighth inch and plug it into
the direct outline alright right next to
where you plug the AC and or the nine
volt whatever you call it
okay so you got those two right there
now take your I mic and you plug the
other end into the import make sure
before you do that it's online you see
the switch on the side make sure that's
up on the line setting so you're going
to plug that in and you're going to plug
this into the computer but I'm not you
will and then you're going to take your
then you're going to take your cable
your guitar take cable can speak today
going to plug it into the guitar in of
course that's gonna turn the pocket pot
on and then you're gonna plug the other
end into whatever an electric instrument
you're playing okay okay so after you do
all that stuff go to System Preferences
after you go into system preferences
press sounds all the way to the right
under hardware okay now you're going to
go to input then you're going to look
for I'm like USB audio system and you're
going to press that after you press the
I mic option go into GarageBand and
press electric guitar okay after that
once you're in the group actual
GarageBand window go to the upper
left-hand corner and press GarageBand
then press preferences okay after you
press preferences this window is going
to come up on the top of this window it
says audio / mi di go ahead and press
that after you do so it should say audio
input press the two arrows and look for
unlike us audio system
I mean USB audio system make sure you
press that after you do that go back to
the original GarageBand window and press
the record button on the bottom you
should be able to record directly from
your pocket pod or whatever instrument
you're playing directly onto the ROG
Bend to make mp3 files or other files
out of it